Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again.
Today, we're going to pray, and we're going to go over some of the things that are in the news.
Today, Braden found a lot, so there were a lot of neat little things that he just showed me that I had no idea about, because I've been taking care of Megan and Paisley.
And I told him, "Get it all together, and you'll surprise me with some of it.
" So, I'm excited about what he has to show us tonight.
If not very much at all—then I think you have some, don't you, son?
Okay.
Let's go ahead with what the Lord was telling us, what we saw last night about the trafficking.
Now, we're going to continue to pray for the trafficking to be busted.
I saw it coming out of a certain area—I'll call it...
should I?
I know it's the border, but I'm trying not to be precise on where I saw the truck coming, but I want to say it.
I'm just going to be bold and say it: it was by Nogales.
It was Nogales, by that area.
Where I saw this trafficking coming, I saw cattle trucks.
I saw an area where they were crossing over, and it looked like farmland.
It looked kind of like, you know, sage grass; it's dry, real dry-looking.
It looked like desert, and mesquite trees were all around.
But I could see the path in the ground, in the dirt, where there had been ruts from travel.
There were so many ruts from either trucks or whatever, but it looked like sandy ruts going up through this area.
And they were using cattle truck trailers that had air vents on the sides, like what Braden's about to show you.
Okay.
And I did not see people like this; I saw that they had made a makeshift bottom floor—maybe "makeshift" is not the word.
It was a fake floor that they had, which was skinny enough that a human body could crawl underneath there and stay.
But the whole bottom of this floor of this trailer was fake, and there were children in that fake floor.
The trailer had animals in it, livestock, looking like they were transporting cattle, but there were children, young girls, in the bottom of this fake floor of this trailer.
It was not a very big space, and it was very hot.
I could see this child crying.
She had a muscle shirt—you know, like a tank top that had a scoop neck, white—with some kind of skirt that went to the middle of her calf.
I could see her laying there; she was kind of heavy.
She had bangs that went to about here, her hair was black, and her skin was tan, like a Latina.
She was crying, but as I was looking beside her, there were other children who were in there, in the bottom of this.
From what I could tell, there were at least six children.
They were being trafficked to America from Mexico, and they were in this cattle thing.
That's what we were interceding for last night, praying for these kids to be found by our Border Patrol.
So, as I was looking at this, I saw them going from the El Paso area all the way up through Lubbock and Amarillo—that highway that goes up towards Colorado, or you can go east to Oklahoma City, or you could go west to Albuquerque.
That's the highway they were using for trafficking young girls.
They were servicing John Does in hotel rooms in Lubbock and Amarillo, in low-class hotels—some of them looked like Hiltons, I won't say the name.
Oh, Braden, my job is hard.
It looked like hotel rooms, and I could see specific hotels where young girls were servicing John Does.
And the Lord told me, "Pray against this, for FBI raids to come against this, and local sheriffs and law enforcement to bust these people.
" So, that's what we were interceding for.
I don't know if they were college girls; all I know is these girls looked white.
They looked like Caucasian, young teenage girls.
They didn't look Hispanic, they didn't look African-American or whatever; they looked like white girls, 18 or 19 years old, somewhere around there.
They were there, and the Lord said that's what we're praying against.
So, I saw that they were using this highway because people were looking for them on I-35 going through Dallas.
It's more crowded, so they were using a highway that was less crowded than a major city area like Dallas-Fort Worth.
They were using Lubbock and Amarillo; these are smaller cities.
And so, I was praying, and that's what I was seeing in this vision last night.
And then, they were forking off and either going to Oklahoma City or to Albuquerque, but they were splitting into different routes, going different directions that were less watched.
I don't know how else to describe it; I guess that's how I'd say that.
So, we were praying for that last night, and that was the major prayer focus the Lord had us on last night—praying for a kink in this, to stop this trafficking of young people.
The Lord is...
I'm telling you, there's judgment coming on this, and the Lord is shaking America, shaking the nations.
And so, I'm going to continue to pray for that, but that was what we were praying for last night.
Then, the Lord had us praying for PTSD over abuse, war, law enforcement, and so on.
I saw people having electroshock therapy that people were trying to resort to, to stop these episodes, whatever is going on with these individuals.
The Lord said they were there, but He said, "I'm going to set them free.
I paid the price for them to walk in victory over these episodes that they're having night and day.
It's torment.
" And then I saw some of it was related to testosterone, concerning hormone imbalances.
Some of the depression and some of the things they are going through with this were due to a lack of testosterone.
And the Lord said, "Pray for it.
" And I saw things going on with men's testicles, and the Lord said to me last night that there were things attached to hormones in our foods that are depleting men's testosterone, raising estrogen, and causing hormone imbalances.
And the Lord said, "Pray for the pituitary gland.
Pray for the pituitary gland.
" Now, I'm not a doctor; I'm just telling you what I hear, okay?
So, if that's off, don't throw stones at me.
I'm doing the best I can with what I know.
I heard "pituitary gland," and the Lord said, "Pray for it—a calcification.
" Now, I don't know what that means: a calcification of the pituitary gland.
How?
I don't know.
But there's something with the water, with fluoride, that is affecting the pituitary gland in the mind.
Is that right?
I don't know; this is what I'm hearing.
But I prayed over the pituitary gland.
I could see it in the brain—it's small, and it was being calcified by fluoride in the water.
And the Lord said, "The water is tainted.
" I was seeing this, but I didn't relay it.
This is causing hormone imbalances with estrogen, with the thyroid, with the testicles, and messing with the ovaries.
And as I saw in this woman's uterus, I saw by the spirit of the Lord, a demon, because she had had an abortion, latch onto her uterus, and she wasn't able to have a baby.
And there was a demonic spirit that was blocking her from getting pregnant because she had an abortion back when she was young.
And she desired to have a baby now with her husband.
And it was causing a rift between her husband and her.
She had a fear of having a miscarriage time and time again because she had opened a door through the sin of having an abortion.
And the Lord said it is a demonic spirit that is attached to the uterus and to the ovaries.
And I saw the demon grabbing a hold of them and it was causing her to have miscarriages time and time again.
So she had anxiety about trying to get pregnant because the husband wants a child.
He wants a son and is not able to have a son because she has miscarriages, and he was resenting her because of hormone imbalance and these things of the demonic spirit.
And the Lord said, 'Take authority over that.
' So I saw in her right side that devil let go of her ovary and the other side was blocked.
Now I'm just telling you what I saw.
Now you say, 'Brandon, you sound like you are on something.
' I'm just telling you what I saw.
But the Lord wants to set these people free and he wants their marriage to be strong.
And the Lord said, 'Repent of having an abortion and tell that devil to vacate your soulish realm concerning your body.
' I've seen people have a spirit of infirmity and they get the devil cast out of them and they get free from things that were like deaf ears.
I've seen Billy Burke grab a hold of their ears and tell them, 'Be thou loosed.
' And he tells the devil of deafness to get out of there, and it pops and they hear.
I guess that's similar to the ovaries.
And so I'm learning, but I saw it and I was like, I've never seen anything like that.
But it looked like a little gremlin.
And so we believe in God that that lady is going to have a baby after everything and everything is going to be all right.
God's going to be a restorer of what the cankerworm is eating up and what the devil meant for bad, he's going to turn it around for good in your favor.
People make mistakes.
People make bad decisions.
But you're not big enough to derail your life.
No matter how bad your decisions were with abortions or whatever, God can turn it around if you give it to him and say, 'God, I repent.
' He is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
He's not up there beating us.
He's up there saying, 'Come to me.
Come to me all ye that are heavy laden and I'll give you rest.
' I want to bless you today.
I want to love on you.
I'm a God that is a forgiving God.
I'm not mad at you.
And many people think that they've done the unpardonable sin.
Well, God's never going to forgive that; abortion is something that God's never going to forgive.
But I'm going to tell you, God will forgive everything.
The only thing that he said he won't forgive you is if you blaspheme the Holy Ghost.
So, you know what I say?
Just put it on the altar.
'Hey Jesus, thank you Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you're my forgiver.
You forgive me.
I shouldn't have done it.
I messed up.
I had an abortion.
I did this.
God, I ask you to forgive me.
' And it's over.
As far as the east is from the west, he's taken your sins from you.
He's not up there mad at you anymore.
He never was mad.
I'm sure he was sad, but he's not up there going, 'I'm gonna...
' God's not a vengeful God.
Seriously, God is a God of love and he loves you and he paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And so we are praying for that.
We are praying for the soldiers.
We are praying for President Trump.
And so I think that was basically it, wasn't it, son?
Yes.
So, okay.
So, that was last night's video.
So, those of you who say, 'Brandon, I don't have time to spend all this time praying with you.
Can you give me a highlight?
' That's the highlights.
All right.
So, let's go over some of the news articles because Braden works hard, right?
Tell me what's going on, son.
And then you have this.
Okay, we have this.
I want to say this as a precaution.
I am not a financial advisor.
And all of this is in my opinion.
Even what I'm telling you I see by the spirit of the Lord, it's in my opinion of what I believe the Lord is showing me.
I am not a financial advisor.
I'm not some kind of...
whatever you...
there's so many people try to label me.
I'm just Brandon and I am not here to give financial advice.
This is for your entertainment purposes only.
You know, I say that and this right here, I want to show you about Japan and what the Lord has showed us, or what we believe in my opinion, about Japan being a forerunner with crypto and that they would be the Sooners and they would come out.
The Lord said they will come out first before America with their Clarity Act and declare things.
And so I saw South Korea, Japan.
Okay.
So, Japan will recognize foreign crypto stable coins as legal payment methods starting June 1st.
The world's fourth largest economy just legalized stable coins.
The Sooners.
And people go, 'What is the Sooners?
' The Boomer schooners.
It's OU.
They come out every time we make a touchdown.
But the Sooners were the ones in the 89er land run in Oklahoma when they did the land run.
They were the ones that stole and took the land first.
They did not wait for the land run at 12 noon.
When they shot the gun in the air and everybody rode off in their wagons to take the land, which was controversial, the Sooners were ones that went out before and staked their claim illegally.
So the Lord called them—and I'm not saying Japan is illegally, but it's a metaphor—they're the Sooners.
So here they are.
Japan's FSA recognizes foreign issued stable coins as e-payment instruments.
Ain't that neat?
Japan FSA opens qualified path for foreign trust type stable coins under new payment rules on June 1st.
Blow the trumpet.
Japan officially recognized foreign issued crypto stable coins as legal electronic payment methods starting June 1st.
There it is again.
They're all excited about it.
Let's blow the trumpets.
So, is anything out there about South Korea yet?
We don't know.
I don't know.
Do you?
All right.
Not yet.
So, here comes Putin.
He goes and he tries to flex.
He's there in China now.
Now, him and Xi Jinping are having their meeting and he's like, 'Let me see what kind of friendship I have with him instead of Trump because Trump goes home and here comes Putin.
' And he's like, 'Hey, roll out the red carpets.
' They're all waving their flags for him now.
And they're like, 'Man, so those people have been busy.
Those flag waivers are real busy.
They were with Trump.
Now he's with Putin.
So let's see what kind of favor that Putin gets over Trump.
Interesting, huh?
Because this is America.
' No.
'This is America.
' Yeah, that's President Trump.
I'll show you the other one.
'You're so funny.
' 'Well, it looks like President Trump had more flag trailers.
' 'Well, they're saying that Putin had a better foreign minister or some kind of minister that was waiting for him than Trump.
' Okay.
So, he had a better minister waiting for him than Trump.
So, Russia's president arrives in China today for talks with Chinese leader Xi Jinping and signs nearly 40 corporate documents.
Russia.
And then you want to do that.
What's the bear doing?
Got to watch the bear and the dragon or the bear and the panda.
All right.
Keep going, son.
Let's go.
Yeah.
I want to show you.
Can we see the nuke on the 16th?
What went off?
Yes.
Do you have that?
You can't probably play Benny Johnson's clip that you showed me.
Yeah.
Okay.
So, did anybody...
Now, this didn't make media from what I understand, but there was some kind of nuclear explosion, like it looks like a massive bomb in Jerusalem two nights ago.
And nobody even really talked about it.
It was ginormous.
It went up like a mushroom cloud.
Look at that.
They felt it a long way away.
But that is not a normal bomb.
Where?
What?
Who did that?
And what was that?
That is a massive something.
Do you remember?
I saw a black rocket coming up out of the mountain and I told you I saw three scientists and I saw the leader in that black head just talking to a man with a white beard and he said, "Is it time for the Mahdi to come?
Is this Islamic prophecy?
Is it time?
Can we bring this forth by striking Israel?
" I saw a weapon—you don't have to keep playing it—I saw a weapon that was in the ground that America didn't know they had, or we do know they have that—I don't know.
But it was like Hiroshima, the same strength the Lord said as Hiroshima, what happened with the atom bomb in Japan.
I saw it on a black rocket and the scientist—I hear him in English—he said, "We only have one, but it's never been tested.
We have one and we believe it will work, but it's never been tested.
" And I saw them getting ready and preparing to use this on Jerusalem, and they were going to strike Israel with it.
Then they were going to use chemical warfare like mustard gas.
It was bad stuff that made boils on your skin and you convulse and break your backbone and start vomiting profusely and you died instantaneously.
I saw this; it melted your skin.
It was a horrific death, but it was something that was with chemical weapons and it was coming out of the Damascus area.
The Lord warned and said this attack will be worse than the one that happened on October 7th, if I'm correct.
Maybe it was the 3rd, but I think it was the 7th.
October 7th; it was worse than October 7th, a surprise attack that happens at night.
Then I saw Benjamin be taken out, as I told you.
And so the Lord said, "You got to pray," because I saw he did not want a two-state solution.
And they were bringing in somebody who did, trying to divide Jerusalem.
And I saw this plan.
I saw this darkness coming.
And the Lord said, "You must pray.
" And that's why I'm telling you, when I saw this I thought, "Is that the weapon that I saw?
" And I thought, "No, this is not it.
This thing looked bigger.
This thing had to be bigger; it was a bigger explosion.
" And if it were so, Iran would be taking credit for this.
I just thought maybe it was a mess-up.
I don't know, it's just very strange because it's not talked about.
What is that?
So Benny Johnson did an amazing job on it.
Other clips Braden's not playing...
and out of hotel rooms, people were watching and they said it was hot.
Do you have any of those, son?
No, I don't have that.
I have the storm.
Okay, now next clip, next thing.
We got to move quick.
We're already late tonight.
Well, I don't know.
You surprised me.
Okay.
So, President Trump, it was the calm before the storm.
So, President Trump keeps putting cartoons on his social media.
He looks good like that with this Make America Great hat, but he's in the Navy and those are Navy destroyers from there?
Yeah, that's their flag on there.
That's interesting.
I wonder why they have boats still on the ground.
We've taken all those out.
Must be an old picture.
I wonder if it's old.
I think it was like two days ago, three days ago.
Okay.
And now whenever I told you I saw space wars, I saw major satellites attacking other satellites in space with lasers.
It's similar to what happened in Hawaii.
Why they had blue roofs, why everybody had blue roofs and the people who had blue roofs, their houses didn't burn up.
He's talking about this stuff.
Pretty out there, huh?
Space Force.
What's coming?
See how they're striking asteroids.
I said, "The asteroids, these rocks will travel so fast that they'll have to hit them with a green laser.
" It was green and it came out of the Gulf of America, out of the Louisiana area, Texas.
And I saw it was a laser that came out and it hits this rock.
People said, "Brandon, do you see Wormwood in that?
" I saw two different rocks.
I told you I saw two hands smashed together and it plowed across America that looked like gauze hanging down on skeleton fingers similar to Scrooge.
Do you remember?
Of course, everybody watched Scrooge, with the Ghost of Christmas Future.
It looked like the black cloak of death smashing his hands on the Seattle area and he plowed across the area by Portland and Seattle right in the middle.
And so I was thinking, does this represent—and I don't want to add to or take away from anything—but I saw about this area, praying over this area.
It looked like that devil right here.
Show them this one.
Yes.
See?
See his hand?
He's creepy.
And smashed his hands and went across that area between Portland and Seattle.
And British Columbia was a part of it.
So, I believe that could represent an earthquake because the Lord has already spoken to us several times about an earthquake hitting that area and it would be a devastation in British Columbia.
I saw 30,000 people pass away in major buildings in British Columbia.
And I saw a separation when this takes place of them leaving Canada and trying to join America because of being financially destitute, because of finances being really shaken.
Now, I think I've seen Canada leave and them trying to fight to leave.
They don't like Mark Carney.
Yeah, Carney.
Okay.
And the other was I thought it was interesting when I brought up Ford Motor Company last night.
I didn't realize there was another person saying, "Hey Brandon, Ford didn't take the bailouts last time; the other auto industry did.
" But when I saw what's coming with the car market concerning trucks—F-150s being too expensive, people weren't buying them—the car market was in trouble.
I saw them asking for a bailout that they didn't get.
This is what I was obviously seeing.
$24 billion.
Ford was asking for help.
They didn't get the bailout last time, but they were asking for a bailout coming.
And I saw them asking for $24 billion for a government stimulus.
"Help us.
Our car industry is in trouble.
" Now, when is this?
I don't know.
It could be years, it could be six months.
I have no idea.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything of when I saw this taking place.
I said it's coming.
This is what I saw coming in the days ahead.
Could it be five years?
Could it be two?
I don't know.
So, don't go, "Brandon, you said it was coming.
" Well, I don't know.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
So, I saw Chevrolet and GMC asking for help, too.
"Hey, we want part of that.
Help us out.
Give us some money, too.
" So, I thought it was interesting.
What else?
Anything else?
Okay, now this is interesting to me.
Now, CNN—I do not like CNN—but this is them.
While President Trump is actively trying to force them into a deal that is good for America, CNN is showcasing how Iranians are supposedly all pro-regime and preparing to take up arms.
So, they're training little boys how to assemble an AK-47.
You want to play it?
Sorry.
Yeah, that's that bomb, son.
It sounds weird.
Okay.
How long is this?
Here we go.
I got it.
It's still Trump and the battleship.
I had to find escalating threats from the White House.
Ordinary Iranians are now being urged to prepare for war.
Right.
Well, these rallies or gatherings have been taking place every single night for the past several weeks.
And so, they're not new.
But what is new is the introduction of weapons.
And these kiosks have been set up in each of these squares where members of the military there—you can see them with masks on—they're showing people, in this case a woman, the basic skills of how to use what I think is an AK-47 or a Kalashnikov and things like that.
Look over here.
They're showing children how to use them as well.
It's all part of a state-sponsored call to arms in case the war begins again.
It's all guns on state television, too.
Several Iranian channels are broadcasting their hosts brandishing assault rifles.
'They gave me a weapon so I could learn how to use it like you,' this anchor tells her viewers.
After his on-air training, this presenter fires off a round into the studio ceiling.
But not all Iranians are gunning for a fight.
Just around the corner from the rally, hints at the diversity.
It's a very different atmosphere in this part of town.
People are sitting with their partners, having coffees, strolling around the bookstores, or just hanging out with their friends..
People, you get very different views as well.
People didn't want to talk on camera, but off camera, one said to me, '.
' Another said she wanted to live in a normal world where there was a potential future for her children.
But Iran's future to many Iranians looks increasingly clear, especially amid regular threats from President Trump.
Waiting for the war.
We're waiting.
We are here because we know this war isn't over.
We know he's not going to negotiate anything.
He's just going to be like, they're not even trained soldiers.
They're women up there.
They're going to take up arms and they're going to just push them out front and be slaughtered if it happens that way.
That's terrible.
Now, listen to this.
The Senate just passed a bill against Trump and wartime power today, and they're limiting him on how much power he has concerning this Iran war.
What did the Lord show us about this?
I saw Trump would be limited in the days ahead and that Israel would have to finish the job.
And they used a missile that had a ball at the end of it that looked like it had eyes.
And there were octagons.
And all these octagons looked like they had eyes on this missile that was black and white that went out, and it was a ball at the end of it that was round when it shot off that looked like it was able to have octopus-like tentacles.
Now, I don't know what that was, but I saw weapons, and the Lord said, 'Weapons that have never been used before are coming from Israel.
' And I saw the mountain glowing where I'm seeing this uranium, plutonium, whatever it is, like in 'Back to the Future.
' Uranium.
And the Lord said, 'The mountain will glow.
' And I saw it glowing.
It was only in that mountain.
But it was not America; it was Israel.
America was not able to; Israel did it.
Now, the US Senate advises measures to limit Trump's Iran war powers.
Louisiana Senator Bill Cassidy joins three other Republican lawmakers in supporting the measure.
So we had Republicans turn on him today.
Four of them, from what I understand, trying to say, 'We ain't doing this no more.
' So the senators are turning their backs on Trump to try to block him from doing anything else, which is probably going to make him absolutely furious, I'm sure.
It's symbolic and unlikely to become law.
Advancing the resolution is a sign of growing frustration with the war.
Now, will they do it?
I don't know.
So, do you think they're going to block it, Braden?
What do you all think?
Tell me.
Do you think that they're going to end up making it where Trump can't make these decisions?
Tell me in the comments down below.
Do you think that they're going to end up blocking him and saying, 'We're not going to allow you to do this anymore.
We're calling you back home.
Cuba's next.
' Well, what happens with all this?
I'm curious where everybody's at with that.
I saw Israel finishing the job.
So, let's see what happens.
Do you remember, Braden?
Yes, I remember that.
I say Israel finishes the job.
America will not.
We will save face trying to inject the economy with a great stimulus.
And I saw a stimulus being passed around for households underneath $150,000, saying, 'Listen, if you make this amount, we're going to give you a certain amount of money for your household,' trying to get people to be excited.
But let's see what happens.
The US Senate advises a resolution to curb Trump's power to wage war on Iran.
It's interesting to me.
So I believe that's where we are.
So we will continue to pray for President Trump.
We will pray for President Trump and the peace that passes all understanding over Jerusalem, over all the things that we know to keep doing.
Standing in the gap, praying for our nation, praying for revival.
These are the main things I was thinking about today as I was taking care of the kids and doing things and helping out with Diana.
I said, 'Lord, we always talk about revival and we always reflect on John G.
Lake and Smith Wigglesworth and that was not our generation.
Kathryn Kuhlman kind of was, and Oral Roberts, and Jack Coe, and William Branham and them.
We see, we hear, and we have videos on YouTube that we reflect on and go, 'Wow,' but I'm so tired of talking about the past.
As much as I honor those people and I go, 'Wow, it would have been really cool to be there.
' What about today and what about now?
I said, 'Lord, what about today?
' I'm sitting here trying to find old things from Kathryn Kuhlman to feed on today before I did my broadcast, listening to old tent revivals from Oral Roberts and just feeding on the past and going, 'Man, when's our time?
' And there has to be our time.
I truly believe we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
But it's not going to be something that we've seen before.
He's going to do something that's never been seen before.
Behold, he's going to do something new.
But I told the Lord, I said, 'I don't want to focus on what people that are old, that have passed on, that are no longer here, did.
I want to see something new in this generation.
I want to see it with my sons, with my daughters, with the youth of this generation, with our young people.
God, pour out your spirit one more time.
Cause a major revival to flow over America.
You said you were not done with America.
' And this is not a revival where we go, 'Well, we rededicated America back to God.
' I don't care about America being back to God; I want the church of America to be rededicated without this lukewarm church that I see.
When you visit a church and you walk away not feeling stirred up, not feeling that you've got what it takes to conquer the week.
When you walk away and you go, 'Well, that was a real good little whatever,' and you had some beautiful praise and worship because you've got paid musicians up there that are getting paid some of them almost six figures playing up there because they're trained musicians that are in it for the money and everything.
I know a man's worthy of his hire, I'm not trying to always criticize, but I'm wanting to really emphasize: where is the true Holy Ghost church where we see the power of God flow through the auditorium and people delivered from demonic oppression and possession and the spirit of the Lord heals them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet?
It's a fire shut up in my bones.
And I hear some people when we talk to—because I love the South Koreans, they're some of the most beautiful-hearted praying people.
I mean, my goodness, they're good folks.
I love my South Korean channel.
And it's amazing what the Lord has done over in South Korea with the people.
They're so hungry.
And I just look for the authentic.
And then some of them say, 'Braden, we're experiencing that here.
' We're experiencing it in Africa; there are parts of Africa where we're experiencing that.
We get the emails.
We're seeing revival.
We're seeing this.
Are you all not seeing anything like that?
People are being raised from the dead.
People are being healed.
Blind eyes are opening.
We're seeing those things.
Are you not seeing that in America?
I said, 'No, I don't think so.
I don't see it in the circle we're in.
But if it is happening, I want to be a part of it.
I know I see some miracles that my friend, Billy Burke—he has healing services—but it's not like what I want to see: Acts chapter 2—raise the dead, walking on water.
I mean, you know, I want to see some of that.
I love it when people get healed of cancer and people's eyes get opened.
It's amazing.
Never lose your awe of God, but I'm wanting creative miracles: arms growing out, eyes popping back in, ears that weren't there, appendages that were not there coming back like the disciples.
' And people are saying, 'Brandon, we're having that over here.
' And I thought, 'What do we get to take in America?
How do we have that?
' I am on a mission.
I was cleaning out my garage and blowing out the leaves from the winter and doing things, and the Lord stirred in my spirit: 'What does it take to see the dead raised when you need to see it raised?
When you see somebody you love die or they're not here anymore and you know that there's Lazarus moments coming, that though you were dead yet shall you live.
' When there's an anointing that needs to be pulled on and you see desperation in someone's eyes, is it there to bring forth the miracle that they're believing for, to pull on that anointing?
What does it take?
And I go over things that I hear my elder generals talk about, like Billy and Billy, both Billies, and they talk about the sufferings and sharing His suffering and the greater glory and things that are attached to it.
And I just go, 'Lord, show me.
What is the switch to flip on the light in the darkness, that Your light is shining on our face like Moses, that when they see us, we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost?
' But it's not just something that we confess and we're parroting something, but it's actual manifestation that when we walk in the room, the shadow touches and they're healed and they rise up and walk.
When the anointing that was on the disciples is tangible on us and it's not something that we just experience once, but we walk in it on a day-to-day basis.
What is it that takes that?
Is it the persecution?
Because when I was praying for Africa and we were on here praying and we saw the people of Nigeria, I believe it was, and I saw their flag, and the Lord said, 'The greater the persecution, the greater the anointing.
The greater the persecution, the greater the presence and the power and the glory comes with the anointing.
For these sufferings bring forth the greater glory.
' When Paul and Silas...
Peter was in the prison, and then you have these moments where the church prayed and they interceded and they were able to get the gates opened.
They were able, with guards on both sides watching over them in the middle of the prison.
And they didn't want, because they knew that they had some kind of supernatural ability and they had been assigned these guards on both sides.
And Peter's asleep knowing that tomorrow he's going to die.
I don't know about you, but if I get some kind of bad report, it's hard to sleep sometimes.
You go, 'Oh, man,' because your mind's running.
But you have so much confidence and you're so fully persuaded that you're in the prison and you're snoring and an angel has to wake you up: 'Get up!
Get up!
' But the prayers of the saints—why we have this channel—the prayers of the early church had enough to get the guards knocked out, open the prison door, open the gate, and get him free.
What kind of prayer, what kind of intercession does it take to open a gate?
A supernatural opening of the gate?
What kind of prayer does it take to open the prison door?
When someone's wrongly being accused in these last days, what kind of prayer does it take for a church to bring forth just a little revival and some fire in your church?
That it's not church usual, it's church unusual.
And that's what I'm just like, because the Lord said, 'What are you looking for?
' I said, 'I'm looking for more.
I'm not satisfied with the status quo.
I am so done with church usual.
I want church unusual.
I want to see fire shut up in my bones.
I want to see what Oral Roberts saw.
And I want to see and experience more than what Kathryn Kuhlman experienced.
If not, I said, if not, then why not?
Why not me?
Why then?
What?
You know, Lord, I know they went through things.
I know I've been through some things, but Lord, what turns on that switch?
Because the only thing that's ever going to change America is whenever the sons and the daughters, us, become who we're called to be and rise up and stop trying to just always pray for revival, but let revival start with us and say, 'Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
' But don't send me with no power.
I want them to marvel at the ignorance of Brandon Biggs.
Whenever he speaks, they go, 'He has been with Jesus.
' There's something different about him.
Why?
It's not about giving glory to Brandon, but there's something different about what's on that man.
And it's Jesus.
Because he had been with Jesus.
They marveled because they knew they were unlearned and ignorant men.
But they knew they had been with Jesus.
How'd they know that?
Because the glory was there.
The manifested presence was there.
Because when God shows up on the scene, He changes the atmosphere.
And when you go into a church and the atmosphere is dull, like touching a cold stove, and it's week after week...
I'm not trying to pick at the church I used to work for, but week after week you go into a church and you go, 'I work here.
I get a check here, but it is dead as touching a cold stove.
' And yet people are getting blessed by it because you've got somebody playing some good music or whatever sermons.
Okay.
But I go, 'Why are we playing church?
' God came to save and set the captives free.
'I come to save that which was lost.
' And now in Acts 4, this is my favorite: 'Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled and took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus.
' It's not just being with Him one time.
It's being with Him day after day, sitting at His feet and having a relationship with Him.
I told you more people would go home.
James Robison went home yesterday.
We have more generals going home.
And the Lord said there will be a changing of the guard, a passing of the baton in the days ahead.
And you're going to see the major generals that have been in the past start to transition home.
He said, 'I'm raising up new voices.
I'm raising up a new generation.
I'm raising up new generals to those that I've called that say, "Yes, here am I, Lord, send me.
" You're the closers.
' They had their time and this generation is going to start to go home.
And the Lord said, 'You're going to see more and more of it through the summer.
' We just had another one, a third one: Marilyn Hickey, Joni, and now Pat—and I only say, 'Well, who's next?
' I don't know.
But there are going to be more transitions.
I saw certain major ministries going home.
Some of them huge, huge ministries.
And it will get world attention.
Huge.
And Pat Robertson was a huge ministry.
Joni, I mean, they're all pretty...
they were all pretty big ministries.
" Marilyn Hickey, all of them.
So, we see a transition.
When people step out and go home, there's a void.
One needs to rise up.
Will you be that person?
They're up there rooting for us right now.
Their cloud of witnesses say, 'Will you help finish the race?
Don't let the baton drop.
Keep running with this end-time army.
' And I know there's more going home soon.
The Lord said it; He told me.
He said specific ones to me, and I've never—don't make that public.
So I just want to stir you up today to not give up on your dreams of what God's called you to do just because you didn't see it manifest in the first years of when you thought it should.
God knows when you're able to handle it, and when the time is, and when it's time for you to rise up and be who you need to be.
Humble yourself.
Even if it's to say, 'Hey, I'm going to go volunteer at a church and be a janitor.
Do whatever it takes to get the gospel out.
' Diana, we were talking about it when we worked at the church.
The guest speaker usually gets the most praise.
They get in late, they leave early.
The janitor, like me—I was cleaning the bathrooms until sometimes 1:00 or 2:00 in the morning after the service.
You go in there and it's dark.
It's like crickets, and you set up the chairs, you vacuum the aisles, you're making sure all the diapers are cleaned out of the nurseries, and you do that time and time again—the least thanked position.
But without that janitor, without that offering counter, without the usher, without the greeter, without the parking lot attendant, without the nursery worker, that guest speaker or whoever it was for the revival couldn't have gotten the job done the way they did.
Because if the bathrooms were stinky, the floors had urine on them, somebody just took a dump all over the stool, you've got all this nasty stuff going on, and you're going, 'This is the stinkiest bathroom I ever walked in,' and you go, 'I don't even want to go into that church and listen to this guy.
' Don't ever underestimate the importance of who you are and how you bring forth the atmosphere for that person to receive what Jesus is about to speak through that speaker.
Your part was just as important as the speaker's was.
And I remember setting up the chairs, cleaning up the vomit when somebody wrote poo on the wall, wipe their booty on my wall and write it out in numbers—'poo' or whatever they want to say, just being disgusting with their feces, doing some of the most filthy, vile things I've ever seen in a bathroom.
I cleaned it for 15 years of my life.
And I remember every single time going home and thinking, 'Man, I just wanted to make it where if they came in and it smelled good, if they walked into the bathroom and it didn't smell like stuff or nurseries or whatever and their kids didn't go home sick and they said, "Our kids always come to church and play on the church equipment and they're always leaving with a cold or a virus because they spread it around.
"' I kept even the church nursery toys clean with bleach and whatever, making sure they didn't spread viruses around during flu season.
Always trying to think outside the box.
If my kid was in here, how do you make sure that the virus from these flu bugs kids are passing around stays out?
Always going the extra mile, making it so if you don't show up, they're going to notice.
And there's many of you that may do that right now at your church.
And I'm telling you, it's all hands on deck.
Never ever take your position of what God's called you to do lightly.
For if it wasn't for people like you, the job wouldn't be done as effective as it should have been.
And I'm trying to tell you right now, the same reward that the person's going to get up there preaching with the fire—you think, 'Oh boy, they've got it all made'—man, great is the reward of those that do what we've done.
The person who counts the offerings, the person who makes sure the bills are paid so that the lights are on when they showed up, making sure the water bill was paid so the toilet would flush.
Never take for granted what God has called you to do and do it with all your heart.
That's what we did and we continue to do.
I still feel like I'm the janitor.
I still feel like my wife is the offering counter and the data entry person, always behind the scenes trying just to make it.
Be thankful for where you are and know that your reward is great when you get on the other side.
Keep your head up.
And that's my message for what I felt in my heart tonight.
I said, 'Lord, what is it going to take?
I'm so hungry for authentic.
I'm so hungry, desperate for a true move of God.
' And I'm so tired of parrots—parrots on the internet, parrots with people that just say something because they heard it from a Jack Coe meeting and you look at it and you go, 'That's truly not who you are.
' And you are really fake.
I want to see signs; follow them that believe.
So, I stay in my little place where I'm at.
You know, a lot of people invite me to go do a lot of stuff.
I've had some of the biggest businessmen, some of the richest people in the United States or world contact me.
And I don't know what to do with some of this.
'What am I?
I'm just Brandon.
' They tell me, 'Brandon, you got to watch it.
You got big politicians watching you all the time—senators and governors and mayors.
' And I'm like, 'Why?
I'm just Brandon.
' And I always stay—the Lord always says, 'Stay small in your own eyes.
Never get a big head.
Keep your eyes on me, son.
Stay vertical.
No matter how much they persecute you, they're going to hate you because they hated me.
They're going to curse you because they cursed me.
' And I say, if that's all you got to deal with—some internet trolls, some people who think they're something, they're trying to be something—if all you deal with are some people with small brains and they want to criticize all the time because they aren't getting anyone saved, they're not getting anyone healed, they're not doing anything other than causing a ruckus and chaos in the internet community trying to be watchdogs and police dogs where they want to be because they think they're doing something.
All they're doing is just being trolls.
And you look at them and go, 'Why don't you put your energy into getting people saved?
We're running out of time.
People are dying and going to hell all around you.
' And people, all they want to do is criticize and be mean.
Stop being Sister Clipboard and get out and save that which was lost.
We had over 600 people saved last week.
You don't agree with some of the things I say?
Fine, go watch somebody else.
But at least we're trying to get people saved, to get people delivered, to tell them that their marriage is going to be okay because the divorce rate is as high as it's been in years.
People are leaving and getting divorced.
We get the emails: 'I don't want to be with him anymore.
' Why?
'Well, I don't really have a reason.
I just don't love him anymore.
' Well, he didn't commit adultery on you.
No.
He's not beating you?
No, I just don't love him anymore.
Well, that's not a reason to get a divorce.
Find what you were in love with before.
How did you get...
what was it all based out of lust and sex and everything?
'I don't know.
We never had a foundation.
It was just always about physical.
' There are people that you just listen to them and you go, 'Find God in your marriage.
Put God first in your marriage.
Pray together.
Read your Bible together.
Take communion together.
Do things together that stir you up spiritually.
Listen to a sermon together.
Go on a date.
Hey, let's go out and see a movie.
' Let's go out and look at the lake.
But don't give up on something that is beautiful just because you say, "Well, I fell out of love with them.
" Find scripture that pertains to what you're going through.
Love never fails.
Love, love, love.
Read love scriptures all day long; stir up love inside of you.
But just because you say you fell out of love with somebody doesn't give you the grounds to have a divorce just because you say, "I just don't love him anymore.
" Well, you know, he talks to me bad.
Well, I talk to him bad.
I'm just trying to tell you all, man, we're in the last days.
It's time to grow up.
We've got to get our backbone like a crowbar and take this land or we're losing a generation and they're all going to hell.
Look around you.
We're running out of time, church.
But we have all these petty differences.
False prophets.
You're this and that, and you go, but there's no real true evidence of being any false prophet or whatever.
You just hate.
My main goal is, I've always told you, I don't believe I'm a prophetic voice.
I told you I am called to pray and to tell you Jesus Christ is coming and we're running out of time.
Do yourself a favor and start telling people Jesus is coming.
You don't believe it?
Fine.
Then go to hell.
I don't know what else to tell you.
But I'm at least trying to tell you it's time to get yourself right.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
"I don't believe there's heaven and hell.
" Well, then fine.
I don't know what else to tell you.
People want to argue about flat-earthers and everything else.
Oh, you wouldn't believe that people get so ticked off about that.
I said, "I'm never going to agree with you, but I'm trying to tell you that we can agree to disagree.
Let's walk in love and keep walking, but at least we can agree on one thing.
Jesus came to save that which was lost.
" All the other stuff doesn't matter.
I go into Walmart, I go into Chipotle, I go into these places and you've got these people that are strung out and they've got piercings all over their face and they're on drugs.
I saw one guy.
I had to go to Jiffy Lube and get my oil changed.
He was so high he couldn't even figure out how to drain my oil pan.
It took us an hour at a Jiffy Lube to get my oil changed.
He was so wasted.
And he goes, "Hey man, I'm so sorry, man.
" I'm looking at him going, "Dude, you need grace today.
Let me pray for you.
" But he was just wasted.
"Hey, man.
" I'm like, "You've been smoking so much dope.
You don't even know where you are, bro.
But I just want my oil changed.
Do you need to check my tire pressure?
" I'm thinking, "Do you even know what tire pressure is to check, bro?
" He's so high.
I think he's going to run into the wall.
"Let me back your car in for you.
" I said, "No, no, I've got it.
I'll back my own car in.
I'm good.
I'll pull it in.
Don't worry about it, bro.
" I wanted to go.
I think it's time for me to leave, but I didn't know what to say.
He checked it.
Everything was good, I guess.
I just trusted.
I said, "God," and I was praying in the spirit the whole time.
Just wasted.
But I'm thinking, why are you so high like that at work?
He's hurting inside.
He needs Jesus.
I've talked too much.
Let's pray.
Braden, what?
It's the truth.
"Hey, man.
Can you check your oil, man?
Here, look at your dipstick.
" He pulls it out and he pulls up to my window.
He goes, "Look at it, man.
Should I put more in there?
Should I put more oil in there, man?
Look at that, man.
" And I go, "I don't know.
I'm not a guy that does oil.
" "Look at it, man.
Look at it.
" He goes, "Look, I think you might need a little bit more.
" And I was looking at him.
I said, "I probably need a little bit more.
I think it needs it.
" And he goes, "I'll top it off.
" I go, "Okay, man.
" Yeah.
He goes, "All right.
" And he dips it down here and he looks.
He goes, "Maybe I went a little bit too heavy on it.
I don't know.
" I'm looking at it and he's looking at the dipstick and I'm like, "Good God, please.
It's a hundred dollars, man.
I'll wash your car for you.
" You know, I'm like, "Okay, can I change your tire?
Rotate your tires?
" "No, not today.
We're good.
" It's the truth.
"Hey, what are you on, man?
" Sad.
So, but I'm ready for a generation to taste and see that the Lord is good.
Don't you know to have that fire shut up in your bones and the glory of the Lord fill your heart so that you don't have to smoke dope to escape your reality of where you are because you don't like your life?
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over it.
He is the fullest of all.
When you taste and see just a little bit of the glory and you feel the manifested presence on your life, you'll never be the same again.
Jesus came to set the captives free.
He died for you and he died for me.
And he loves you and he has a plan for your life.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that you died for every single one of us.
I thank you, Lord, that you came to set the captives free.
Jesus Christ, we love you.
And we thank you, Lord, that though you were dead, you rose again.
Though we could be dead, yet shall we live.
We're wall to wall, Holy Ghost.
And we're so excited that you're coming sooner than later.
We worship you.
We thank you, Father, that we have a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
Thank you, Lord.
We take this body.
Thank you, Lord, for the body.
We take this in the name of Jesus.
And we believe that today is our expiration date for what we've been going through.
That we don't have to keep living it anymore because Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory over it.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we take the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, that we are covered by the blood.
Father, through any visions, anything you want to show me tonight, if there's anything, we yield to you, Lord.
And we thank you, Lord.
We hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We thank you, Lord, that with boldness and authority we rise up and proclaim that Jesus Christ is Lord and he's coming back sooner than we think.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us and it never loses its power, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood over us in Jesus' name and we thank you, Lord.
I apply the blood over this room and we send angels from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We have angels and we thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
And someday we'll nevermore wander but walk on streets that are pure as gold.
I love that.
It's coming.
You better get your heart right.
You better get ready.
If you don't know Jesus Christ, you better know him.
I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
Think about that.
You're never going to grow old.
You'll never have to have plastic surgery again, ladies.
You'll never have to have Botox, ladies.
You go up there and say, "I don't have to have Botox anymore.
" You don't have to go and get your face soaked up.
You're going to be perfect.
Why?
Because you'll have your glorified body and you can say, "In that bright land where we'll never grow old, no more makeup.
" And someday yonder we'll nevermore wander but walk on streets that are pure as gold.
They're the purest gold; not some bad gold but transparent gold.
So much beauty.
I'm telling you.
Oh my goodness.
Because we've got a mansion.
You say, "Well, I've got a trailer right now.
" But guess what?
I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
And someday yonder we'll nevermore wander but walk on streets that are pure as gold.
Thank you, Father, that you prepare a place for us.
Thank you, Father, that we're getting so close to the end of the end.
You know, I've talked about this before and he said, "Say it again.
" The day the rapture takes place—there's people that don't believe in it, but that's fine.
When it happens, I saw the supper; I saw the tables.
The Lord—one day I was praying.
I said, "What are you working on?
What are you doing right now?
" You know, just being personal with him.
And he said to me, "We're having parade practice.
" I said, "You're having parade practice?
" And he allowed me to see the parade, that there is a major parade that they're going to have for us when we come home.
And I saw the people with banners in their hands and the streets of gold.
I could see the old English style homes, and they had their different era of outfits on, reflecting the decade or generation they were in.
But they had their banners that said "King of Kings and Lord of Lords" on these banners that were draped with purple and gold, and they were most beautiful.
And I could see streamers and things flowing in there.
And I could hear the people in the crowd saying as Jesus was riding his white horse, the bridle of the horse was in jewels and sapphires and diamonds and rubies, and it was gold and it was all in this horse's mouth.
And it was the most beautiful bridle and saddle and whatever it was.
You know how you have a horse, right?
The horse bridle was gorgeous, full of diamonds and jewels and all this beautiful stuff ready for the coming of this parade.
Jesus was on the back of that horse and they were riding and the people were in the streets: "For he is good and his mercy endures forever; for the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
" And they were celebrating the parade as they were having parade practice, and there was confetti and there were beautiful things falling in the air.
I don't know how it was being stirred up because, you know, here gravity just pulls everything down, but this was all just being stirred up by some kind of supernatural something.
And Jesus was riding his horse, but there were other people riding with him alongside and I could see them getting ready for this; they were all on the side of the road and there were beautiful things taking place in this celebration of our coming.
And there was a marriage supper.
I saw tables that had name tags on them.
I saw trees that had beautiful tinsel and lights that were not powered by electricity, but there was no darkness.
But there were like twinkle lights in these trees that look like weeping willows and oak trees that were over the tops of these massive tables.
Some had chopsticks.
Some had beautiful fine china.
There were flower arrangements that were the most beautiful flower arrangements I had ever seen, all waiting at this table with these white beautiful lace linen cloths.
It was beautiful—the white linen that went as far as I could see.
At tables around me were people that I knew on the name tags, but some of the plates were lilies, transparent, beautiful glass lily plates.
That's what was on my name tag.
It had a beautiful lily because I love flowers.
But some of it was the most beautiful china.
Some of it, like I said, was what you were used to in your culture.
It had chopsticks that were not all silverware like what you use at a fine restaurant.
Some people didn't have that because that's not what they used on the earth, but it was what was in your culture.
And I could see all of the name tags on the plates and everything was perfectly designed for you.
Mine was a lily.
And I could see that plate and I was so excited to know that Jesus is preparing a party for us and a great celebration when we come home, for the rapture of the church.
We're all going to gather at the marriage feast.
And it was beautiful.
The trees were so beautiful.
I don't know if it's in shifts—you know, like some people eat one time, maybe you eat at five o'clock and I eat at seven.
I don't know.
I know there are millions of people going to be eating, but I saw tables as far as I could see and a banquet that was being set up for you and me.
I could see a castle up on the hill as I was able to see this beautiful castle.
And it was across the bridge—this beautiful bridge with a brook with living water and the water was singing.
It was the most beautiful water singing coming through this area and I could see the golden streets and the bridge and I could see a massive castle with beautiful vines growing on it.
You know, he said he'd give you the desires of your heart.
What's your biggest heart's desire?
When I saw that and I saw what was happening and what is getting prepared for us with the banquet, you don't want to miss out on it.
If your name's not written in the Lamb's Book of Life, you're making the biggest mistake you could ever make.
He prepares a place for you.
He's prepared a table before you in the presence of your enemies.
Psalms 91, Psalms 23.
Think about what the Lord has done.
He has provided so much that we walk through the valley of the shadow of death and we fear no evil.
And there are so many of you that are riding the fence between heaven and hell.
And you think you're all in, but your heart is so far from him.
You may think you know him, but does he know you?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun, ladies and gentlemen.
And tonight might be your last opportunity to accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your personal savior.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one is promised tomorrow.
But I'm telling you what's coming.
The ones that are your loved ones that have passed on before you, they are up there ready and they're excited that you're about ready to come home soon.
Heaven's just a breath away.
The moment your heart stops, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or you're on your way and descending into hell.
He did not throw you in hell.
You chose hell by not accepting him and repenting and saying, "God, I repent.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Wash me with your precious blood.
" You chose hell; he didn't put you there.
Hell was not created for humanity.
Hell was created for the devil and his demons—a lake of fire.
But choose today who you will serve for the rest of your life.
Know that he has a beautiful place for you.
And he'll start working on your mansion immediately.
The angels, they're going to be all working on it; it's going to be amazing.
Your heart's desire.
I've seen beautiful homes in heaven: plantation style homes, mansions, beautiful places, castles.
What's your place going to be like?
I want to come by and visit.
I'll come over and look.
Can I come and see your house?
Will you invite me in?
I'll knock on your door: "Hey, I want to see what was your heart's desire.
" Wait till you see my heart's desire.
It's going to be exciting.
I can't wait.
Knock on the door, and I'll invite you to come on in and look.
But I want to come over to your house.
I want to come.
We'll have eternity to spend together.
We'll be able to hang out and talk about what God did for you on the earth.
I don't know if we'll drink some lemonade or whatever, but we'll hang out and do stuff.
But I just want you to have an expectation for heaven.
But if tonight you don't know him, you don't have that expectation.
If you've never confessed Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you don't have that blessed assurance.
So, I just want to ask you, if you get real with God tonight and you become real—and when you get real with God, God will get real with you—if you repent of your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
For God so loved the world that he gave his son that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
Are you a whosoever?
I have to ask you today, are you the whosoever tonight?
Jesus Christ is waiting for you with his arms wide open.
Tonight's your night.
Say, "Brandon, I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
" I used to know him.
I used to have a relationship with him, but over the course of time, I've allowed the world back in.
I'm not living like I should.
But tonight, I'm going to rededicate my life, and I'm all in for Jesus tonight.
So, if I'm talking to you, I want you to be bold about your decision real quick and put in the comment section, say, "I want to be saved.
" If you are coming back tonight to Jesus and you're leaving from what you used to be and you want to come back to the Lord, I want you to say, "Tonight, I'm rededicating.
" So, I want you to repeat this simple prayer.
A 5-year-old could do it.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Jesus, I'm a sinner.
And as of tonight, I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on false religion.
I turn my back on Satanism.
Any kind of contracts, any kind of witches' spell.
Whatever I've done, I denounce it in the name of Jesus.
And from this day forward, Lord, I will serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I dedicate my life to you.
And from this day forward, I belong to you.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life because now I believe you are the Son of God.
And I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
And I believe what he's saying that I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank you Lord that I am free from this and I will serve you with everything I have from this day forward.
Amen and amen.
" If you just said that, I believe you got born again.
If you believe he is the Son of God.
If you believe he died for you and he rose again on the third day.
That's all that matters.
And you've denounced your sin.
I come against it now.
If you sin again, you fall down just like a toddler.
You don't run away from God when you sin.
You run to God.
Say, "God, I messed up again today.
I need you to help me.
" He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
So, if that's you and you just said the sinner's prayer, welcome home.
Now, what do you do?
You find a Bible-believing church.
You go to church.
Find a Bible.
You read your Bible every single day.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
" Well, we'll buy you your first Bible.
We'll send it.
We need your name, your address, and how to get it to you.
Forgive me.
Don't give me your phone number.
I'm not calling you.
Braden will, and we just want to tell you, welcome to the family.
Go to a Bible-believing church.
Tell them, say, "I got saved watching a bald-headed guy on YouTube.
Now, I want to be water baptized.
" Get water baptized.
Get plugged in there.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Find the book "Why Tongues" by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
That's what I was reading before the broadcast.
Find the book.
Speak in tongues.
Pray in the spirit and take communion with us.
Get plugged in here.
Like, subscribe, be a part of our videos.
Come over here and pray with us.
Get plugged in.
And I believe the best is yet to come for every single one of you.
And we're excited for those that have been a part of this tonight and gave their hearts to Jesus Christ.
If there's any of you, or I know there'll be more in the days ahead, it's so exciting.
And so, I guess that's it.
We won't solicit you.
I'm not on WhatsApp.
I'm not on Telegram or anything.
I had somebody yesterday or two days ago that had a fake AI voice of me saying to follow them on Telegram or WhatsApp.
I'm not on those.
So do not fall for the scammers.
There's a lot of scammers out there trying to impersonate me.
If you want to know where I'm at, my social media is all down below.
All right.
Welcome to the broadcast tonight.
We'll pray for about 30 minutes here.
I got a little bit more time we can give you.
I know it's almost midnight, but the Lord said to do that.
So, did we have anybody saved?
35 people.
Welcome home.
35 people in the middle of the night here.
35 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
That's exciting.
What a way to start off the week.
Is today Tuesday?
Yeah.
I didn't give an altar call last night.
I should have done that.
35 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
So that's awesome.
Welcome home.
Praise the Lord.
Great start.
Believing for another at least 500 people to get born again this week.
Father, we're so grateful.
Now, Father, as we just jump in the river here, we pray over President Trump and the decisions that he's making.
We thank you, Father, for the rain.
We call in rain in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, the west, we call in rain.
We break the drought over America.
We say, "Rain, come in Jesus' name.
Rain, come.
" We call in the rain.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no more drought over America.
We thank you, Lord, for supernatural rain.
And Father, we pray over President Trump and the pressure that he's under.
We lift him up with those stone shoes.
We will lift him up.
We chisel him off.
We thank you, Lord, that he will finish strong in Jesus' name.
We call in the financial outpour.
We call the Clarity Act to be passed and done in Jesus' name.
For the great wealth transfer to start now in Jesus' name.
For the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous.
We're calling it in.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We call in supernatural increase that no weapon formed against us would prosper, that we walk in divine authority and power.
Thank you, Lord, that our marriages are restored.
My marriage is good, so I'm thankful for my marriage, but I'm saying for theirs, for their marriages to be restored.
My marriage is solid.
But I pray for the marriages in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, for our children.
We call them saved and delivered in Jesus' name.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness in Jesus' name.
We call deliverance over their lives.
Thank you, Father.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in the name of Jesus.
We condemn the words and the word curses; they will not bear fruit in our life.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in Jesus' name; we apply the blood.
Everything that has been a blockage in your life, we call it to be removed.
We call the dam that's been blocking your life, we call the river to flow in your spiritual walk and the physical.
We call that blockage to come out in the name of Jesus.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
We call the blockage to be unblocked.
We call the supernatural flow to flow in the name of Jesus.
The Lord said gallbladders are being healed right now in Jesus' name.
Gallstones are dissolving right now in Jesus' name.
Believe you receive it.
I call gallstones and the sludge and the bile to be thinned.
This is going to be—it's like a thick sludge causing the gallbladder to spasm.
We call the bile ducts to function like they're supposed to in the name of Jesus.
And this is backed up from a fatty liver.
The Lord said this: we call in the fatty liver from non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
This is from obesity, from non-alcoholic fatty liver from bile ducts being clogged.
It's a backing of the bile.
We call those gallstones to dissolve.
We call the bile to flow.
We call the liver to be restored.
And we thank you, Lord, that you give them grace to get the weight off.
We call for the obesity to be removed.
And Father, for self-control to eat what you called us to eat, to take care of our bodies like you've designed us to.
This vision is very clear; I see bile ducts with fatty liver disease.
It's an enlarged liver.
Now, whatever that means—I hear 'enlarged liver' and 'fatty liver'.
This is interesting: I see a cooked shrimp, headless; a cooked deveined shrimp with pink.
We call healing, wholeness, and wellness over us today.
We believe we receive in Jesus' name.
That's what you say: 'I believe I receive.
' We pray over Barron, Tiffany, Ivanka, Don Jr.
, and Eric.
We pray for protection around and about them that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Every plan, every plot, every pursuit will come underneath the blood of Jesus; it will not bear fruit.
You'll not touch them, hurt them, or harm them in any way.
We put the blood around them today.
Over JD Vance, we call a stirring, and over Usha, we call her born again in the name of Jesus.
She'll know the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and denounce false gods.
We call her born again, saved and baptized in the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Lord, that there is no God other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Jesus is the only way.
So they denounce their false gods and know the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ because Buddha and Muhammad can't save you; only Jesus Christ can.
I feel a stir, like a whoosh.
We call down the principalities.
You're not going to rob that lady of her life.
I see devils over in Washington right now—at the Capitol, in the White House, and in those places.
I still hear that the crown jewel of Trump's legacy will be the ballroom.
They'll finish it and it will be beautiful; it'll be finished before his term is up.
Why do you show me that ballroom so many times, Father?
Remember I told you there'll be major judges who rise up as a stumbling block to his administration.
I see two new faces trying to raise a ruckus and persecutions against his sons, especially Don Jr.
and Eric.
We call them born again.
I've heard that Eric is born again and baptized in the Holy Ghost, and I'm thankful for that, but we call Don Jr.
radically saved, filled with the Holy Ghost, and called out of the pits of hell into the kingdom of God.
We say the same for Elon Musk.
We thank you, Lord, that Starlink will be used for the kingdom of God to spread the gospel where they don't have internet service.
Starlink will be used in the days ahead to spread the gospel and to help with Neuralink.
They're going to push Starlink really hard.
There's a stirring in the church, one last call.
It will be used as a major outreach to the nations.
You're going to see Starlink used to spread the gospel.
There's a projector screen in Africa using internet from a solar-powered generator, producing movies for people to get saved, like 'The Passion of the Christ'.
They're going to use Starlink and solar power to spread the gospel in the middle of nowhere.
I see them bringing water systems, creative ideas to produce clean water.
A new water system will pull water out of the atmosphere without having to drill.
It's giving gallons and gallons of clean drinking water from the air.
It's dehumidification.
I don't know how to describe this with my English words, but it drips the water out of the air.
It's cheaper than drilling a well.
Elon is working on a new invention for water for humanitarian aid.
This breakthrough will bring aid to war-torn countries, Africa, and desert areas.
I see an invention with a Tesla-looking symbol on the side.
Elon Musk is going to produce clean water using blue light for purification to kill bacteria.
And Elon Musk is going to produce a new machine and they will use it in Gaza for humanitarian aid.
There's a new invention.
God's given it to Elon.
It's a new form of energy and filtering.
It's going to be faster than what we've ever seen before—making water out of the air like pulling moisture through a filter using solar power.
I see a new invention coming that turns like a turbine.
You could even give one to each family.
I see big ones and small ones.
But it's run by solar; it's run by the sun.
You don't have to plug it in; you can run it by the sun.
You'll see it in the days over here—humanitarian aid.
We call him born again in the name of Jesus to find Jesus.
I see he'll find Jesus.
There are certain things that he's about to stumble upon: the God particles.
I see new things that his mind is ticking around; he realizes that this is not by coincidence.
It's not by accident; it's not by the Big Bang.
He realizes that God is God.
He's about to have an experience.
Elon Musk is about to have an experience; I believe he maybe even already has.
There's something here; I see a spark.
I call this man born again, saved, and delivered from demonic spirits bothering him.
I call him born again in Jesus' name.
Bring laborers across his path, Father.
The same with his son X.
We call his son saved and his family saved.
I thank you, Father.
It's time to get excited.
You're about to see people that have been so lost become found; they were blind, but now they see.
Watch what God is about to do with this end-time harvest.
I see celebrities and stars; Jesus Christ is going to invade Hollywood.
I still see a red wave going to manifest over California, over LA, and over this area because people have had enough.
You're going to see a red wave of political backing from people trying to come against Gavin because of the taxes and what he's doing.
There will always be the far left, those sold out to the devil, but there's going to be a shaking in Hollywood.
We pray over Mel Gibson and this new Passion of the Christ movie, The Resurrection.
We call for favor that they'll not deviate from the Bible and that they'll stay on the right track.
We pray over Mel Gibson for the funding he needs so this will be used as the greatest harvest mechanism we've ever seen, a tool to bring in the lost.
We call the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ over the nation.
We draw them in from the swamps to the high places, calling them out of hell and to Jesus.
Watch this new wave of what was once powerful like Apple.
I see one rising up that will be the financial equivalent of Apple, a tower over it.
It will be the dark horse.
Braden, it's with Black Onyx that will rise and tower over Apple.
The valuation of Black Onyx will rise up and be a tower over Apple, Google, and Microsoft.
It will tower over Elon.
In fact, I see Elon and this going head-to-head.
They will be like how Amazon does with Elon; this will be the new rivalry between Elon and them.
Bezos goes down here while they are like Apple, and then I see Elon and them trading places.
They'll balance between the two of them; there'll be this one over here rising up, and I see them being competitive year to the months.
Bezos goes down right here as this one goes up.
But it is Black Onyx; that's what I can tell you.
You're about to see Black Onyx come on the scene; it will seem like it came out of nowhere, and it will make people billionaires.
I see it competing with Elon.
And Bezos will go down here a little while they bounce.
It's just Black Onyx, and it will make billionaires.
It will become a household name, like the iPhone.
I hear a new household name is coming.
Braden, a new household name is coming, and it will make people who got in at the beginning billionaires.
You've got to know when to hold 'em and know when to fold 'em.
If they hate you now, they're going to really hate you then.
But if they just spend time at His throne, He'll share His secret things.
There'll be great things ahead.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
We decrease and You increase.
We go vertical in these last days, keeping our eyes on Jesus.
He has the plans for our lives.
We thank you, Lord, for saving Elon Musk, for the Kardashians, and for Billie Eilish—all of them coming to Jesus.
There's no one too far lost or too far gone.
The days of great fun have just begun for the church.
You're going to see the birthing pains in the world, but as good days for the church arise, you're going to see the shifting over the summer months.
You say, "Well, Braden, what about a financial crisis?
" I told you God wanted to give you a window.
The economy is a pig with lipstick; ride the wave.
All in my opinion of what the Lord is showing me.
I see coliseums and major arenas full of people.
I see the Mabee Center full every night, and Victory will be the overflow with Paul Daugherty.
Maybe the center will be full and the overflow will be victory.
Victory will be the overflow.
That's how much there's going to be.
Maybe the center will be full.
That's how many people there will be.
There's not going to be enough parking places.
I see a hotel coming up right there, a new hotel.
What is going on with that?
That's amazing.
They're going to want hotels.
Lord, a renovating of hotels.
It will put Tulsa back on the map.
All for a great awakening.
Tulsa will go back on the map; everybody's going to be talking about Tulsa.
I see relocation.
I see a lot of people moving.
This is all coming so fast.
I see all this happening so fast.
You won't want to leave the services to go home.
They'll want to camp there.
You won't want to leave the service to go home.
They'll want to just stay 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
They'll want to just keep the building open.
People will just be slain in the Holy Spirit in their chairs with the weight of the glory.
You know how it lifts here?
I feel the glory lift.
I can feel it lift.
This will just stay.
You know the guy that has a Shekinah Glory Center?
Is that right?
You know the guy that has a California church with the gray beard?
God's about to do something major in that church.
You know the man with the gray beard?
He is the white man with the gray beard.
I believe it is Shekinah Glory.
Son, will you look that up?
I see a white man with a beard.
Do you know who I'm talking about?
The Lord said, 'I'm about to do something huge in that church.
' They've been calling for revival.
There's been prayer and the manifestation of my glory, of that which they've asked me to manifest over their surrounding area.
I will use them for this great outpouring.
Do you know who I'm talking about?
I see the man in California.
I'm not talking about Bill Johnson; I'm talking about a man with a gray beard.
I see his church, and the glory and unusual manifestations of the presence of God will manifest there.
There's some things that they're tweaking and fixing that need to be corrected.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to do some major things in California.
' That's him right there: Pastor Joe Sweet.
Shekinah Worship Center.
That man right there.
I see the glory of the Lord on this man in his church.
Pastor Joe, I'm telling you, there's some things they're going to tweak.
And once they tweak this little thing, God's going to do something huge.
It's just a little thing.
That church will be put in a light like it was with John Kilpatrick and Pensacola.
They'll have a modern-day Pensacola at his church there.
He's in California, correct?
Yes, because that's what I keep hearing.
I don't want to be off or flaky, but I'm telling you what I see.
It will affect the whole city where he's at.
It will start to be like waves.
Whenever you take a ball in a pool and you bounce on it, it brings waves.
The glory of God, when you bounce on that in the Holy Ghost, is going to send these waves.
They start out small, but the bigger they go, it causes the whole pool to wave.
It creates the whole city to wave.
And the glory of the Lord is going to come like waves around this city.
It will start to be on the street corners.
The glory of the Lord is going to visit this place.
You've been crying out for revival and my presence.
Get ready for an overflow experience.
It's going to be known around the whole area that purity will be at a premium.
Purity.
He's looking for the churches that are holy to him, not harlots.
He's looking for churches that want purity at a premium.
It's not about show or commercialism.
It's just about the Holy Ghost.
You're going to see it in the churches that have separated themselves to him.
And this church, he says, has done it.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to do something that's never been done before, and it's going to be like a new Azusa Street.
' Watch what happens in this area; he's going to use this man.
The enemy will try to attack his flesh, but the Lord said, 'I put up a standard against him.
' I cover him in the blood.
I cover his health in the blood.
No weapon formed against this man will prosper.
I cover him in the blood in Jesus' name.
Be strong, sir.
You'll live long and finish strong.
No doctor's reports are true.
You'll always have clarity of your veins.
No cancer, nothing will be around you, covered by the blood.
You're living long and finishing strong.
The same with your wife and your family.
I pray a covering over you, a sustaining of the glory flowing through you.
I'm talking about unusual manifestations of the glory.
Don't try to force it; just let me flow.
Like William Seymour put the box on his head, find your box, sir.
He will share his glory with no one.
What's your box?
You have to ask the Holy Spirit what that is.
But he says, 'Don't force it.
Just let me flow.
' No preconceived idea of how each service should be.
Just go say, 'Have your way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter, we are the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will.
' I'm excited for this man.
California is not done.
There'll be shakings and earthquakes, but there's a remnant in California that says, 'We will not allow the devil to take it.
' Have thy own way.
Thou art the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me, Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord, as in thy presence humbly I bow.
There's a place on the West Coast I haven't seen before.
I see John Kilpatrick; God is going to use him.
We pray for him to be strong in his health.
He's going to lose weight and feel great.
His joints are going to be better than they've ever been.
God's going to work on his knees and his body.
And the finances are coming.
Some of the people have bought into the Black Onyx thing that I'm talking about.
They study to show themselves approved.
And the Lord said the finances are coming.
And the finances are coming to John Kilpatrick.
He's not going to lack anything.
Where there has been lack, where there has not been enough, there's going to be such a surplus that you're going to say, "I don't know what to do with all of it," because of the givers that God is bringing.
Because you've been faithful with what you've had, God's about to pour it on you like you've never seen it before.
Finances are going to be like an open river and you will let it flow.
The Lord will use you, and people will come underneath that glory and distribute it like they did with Azusa.
They'll come and they'll taste and see, and then the Lord will distribute.
They'll be planted all around like Azusa.
But the Lord said finances will flow and there'll be no lack.
There'll be no lack over this man.
The Lord said there'll be no lack of money on this man.
It will be a distribution center like silos.
It will be a sign and a wonder, and you'll be in shock and awe when you take up the offering and your offering counters count it.
They're going to call you and you'll want to pass out because of what God did.
I'm telling you, this is what I'm hearing.
Either you receive it or you don't, but the Lord said there will be no lack for you.
It's time to believe Him for bigger, sir.
The Lord said, "It's time to believe Me.
Take off the restraints.
" Pastor John, He said, "Take off the restraints.
Believe Me for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
" That's what the Lord said.
For there's nothing you'll lack.
He said you've done it before: the glory, the saturation of prayer brings the revival.
There will be buildings you didn't build.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Wounded and weary, help me I pray.
Power, all power surely is Thine.
Touch me and heal me, Savior divine.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
That's it.
That's what it is in these end times.
Have Your way, Lord.
Have Your own way.
Thou art the potter, Lord; I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will while I am waiting, yielded and still.
I am yielded.
I am filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Search me and try me, Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord, as in Thy presence humbly we bow.
That's it.
We stay vertical, looking at You.
Father, we just want to be at this greatest revival that the world has ever seen.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're standing at the door.
You said, "Brandon, bring in the harvest and I'll come and get you.
" I thank You, Lord, that You anoint us.
I thank You, Lord, that tonight is the night as we humble ourselves before You.
The glory will work through us.
We attract to deflect and pour out Your spirit on us, Lord.
Father, may we always be in the right place at the right time to witness, and give us boldness to say the things that need to be said.
We'll not bow down to the world.
We'll not bow down to the idols of the world, but we surrender all to You.
We give our all to You, Jesus, our blessed Savior.
I humbly give.
We humble ourselves before the mighty hand of God and we cry out from the top of the mountains to the lowest of the valleys that Jesus Christ is coming and we need to repent.
It's time for the people to come back to church.
But when they come back, they don't get watered-down religion; they'll get the Holy Ghost and fire.
Pour out Your spirit upon us, Lord, like we've never tasted it before.
Use this generation, Lord.
Father, we're so hungry and thirsty.
Touch Africa, Asia, South Korea, Australia, and Europe.
Touch the Middle East.
Do it one more time, Lord, for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
We believe, Father, that we are the generation that will not taste death.
You are the potter, we are the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Search me and try me, Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord, as in Thy presence humbly I bow.
Fill us, O God, to overflow with a fresh wine and new wineskin, fresh fire across the nations, across Australia, Ireland, Iraq, and the Philippines.
O Father, do it again.
Touch Asia.
Touch them, Father.
They need a fresh touch.
Glory to God.
We call revival in America.
We thank You, Lord, that the Jezebel spirit does not take our president out, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
He stands with Israel, He stands for the peace of Jerusalem.
And Father, I pray a blessing over our nation in the name of Jesus.
For You said, "Bless those that bless Israel, You will bless.
And those that curse him, You will curse.
" And I believe that, Father, we're on the right side of the blessing.
And I bless this nation in the name of Jesus for one last push, one last call, one last harvest.
And then the coming of the Lord.
The hardest of cases will know You, Jesus.
The lost of the lost will know You, Jesus.
We call the glory of the Lord to visit Minneapolis, New York, and Chicago.
We call the glory of the Lord over Denver, Colorado Springs, and Andrew Wommack's ministry, and over all of it.
We call the glory of the Lord over Amarillo, over Pastor Brian's church.
We thank You, Father, that You're not done and that there'll be glory spots.
Thank You, Lord, that You used Brian in Amarillo and over Glorious Church Fellowship always.
Lord, we pray for Pastor Candace and Chip that there'll be a glorious outpouring over Glorious Church.
Father, they'll not have room enough to receive it all.
And that little church over Collinsville, Oklahoma, will be a special place where they want the glory.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I kept you a lot later tonight, but I'm so thankful for the time we've had.
I feel His presence mightily in here.
The word is working mightily in me.
No matter what I see or feel or what's going on with me, the word is working mightily in me.
Find your box.
What's your box?
He'll share His glory with no one.
This is where we're at.
Like William Seymour put on his box.
Pastors, find your box.
He'll share His glory with no one.
The word is working mightily in me.
Thank You, Father.
And Father, Cuba will be saved.
We call Cuba saved.
We call Mexico saved.
We call all the Latino nations.
We call you saved.
In the name of Jesus, we call the Latinos saved.
We call them born again.
In Jesus' name: Venezuela, Colombia, Argentina—all the places—we call a major revival.
Brazil, thank you.
Guatemala, Father, we thank You, Lord.
Panama, Father, we believe in Jesus' name.
And everybody say, "Amen and amen.
" I pray this blesses you today.
We pray you were refreshed and you walk away with your head held high, knowing that Jesus Christ loves you and He has a plan for your life.
And we're excited that we had 37 people get born again tonight.
And we're expecting more tomorrow night as we continue to keep praying over the nations and praying over that which is to come.
He shows us that which is to come.
And so we're excited; we believe for what's coming.
And so I know, like I said, if it's too long for you, you can watch it at other times, but I'm never going to apologize for the Spirit of the Lord when the Spirit of the Lord is praying.
You better get used to long services; that's all I've got to say.
You better get used to it.
It's not going to be church normal; it's going to be church unusual.
And when the glory of the Lord shows up in your church, you're not going to go, "Holy Spirit, I have to go home and watch Oprah or whatever you watch.
" No, you're going to lose all track of time when the glory of the Lord's in there.
You won't care if it's five, six, or ten hours.
You'll be in there going, "I haven't eaten today.
I don't care; I'm in Him.
I'm with Him right now.
There's nothing else that matters.
" Tell your flesh to shut up.
I just want to be where He's at.
God bless you all.
We love you, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all.
Have a great night.
Bye-bye.